[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Now I wanna speak to
something else, somewhat related.m
You may have heard of projects like,
how many of you have heard of Browserify?
Okay, over half of you.
I will say, I will admit readily that
I am not an expert on Browserify.
I've used it once or twice,
I know about it, I know how it works.
But let me just explain
to you what it does.
Let's say we had written some node module,
like for instance, our
Hello World module, and we wanted for that
same code to be able to run in a browser.
We wanted somebody to theoretically
be able to load up an NPM module, and
use it in a browser.
Well, if it's plain old simple
JavaScript with nothing but
console statements or
whatever in it, no big deal.
That code will just run all by itself, but
what if it was something that was using
some of the built in node libraries, which
aren't gonna be present in the browser?
Is there any way to do that?
And that is what
the Browserify thing is about.
So as an example,
>> Kyle Simpson: If you're using,
I know it's a little bit hard to read,
let me zoom this in a little bit.
If you're using some of the Node APIs
that they have listed here,
like their events API, the stream,
the path, the URL, those are things
that can be ported to the browser,
and that's what Browserify will do.
It will actually take your module,
and it will modify your module,
and it will include whatever is necessary,
so that your module will just
run properly in the browser.
Now it can't do everything, so our module,
our Hello World module, is likely
not something that could be Browserified
because we rely on the file system module.
And without a lot of work,
the file system module isn't just
gonna work natively in the browser.
And so, I've never tried it, but
I don't think that Browserify,
they don't have it listed here.
I don't think it's able to
handle the file system API.
But if we had chosen some other API,
like this crypto or buffer or util,
it would have been able to
transpile our code into something
where we'd have a file that was built that
we could load directly into the browser.
So again, the goal here is to take your
common JS formatted modules, the ones that
we're writing, there for node and to
package those so that they can be loaded.
So you have a different version of
the file that can be loaded directly
into the browser.
Okay, another thing to tell you about,
[COUGH] kind of in a similar vein.
What if you wanted to write a module that,
or a piece of code, and you wanted
it to run in both the browser and
on the server, and you also wanted it to
be able to be loadable by an AMD loader?
And what if you didn't need
any of that transpilation
stuff that Browserify provides,
is there some way?
Cuz when we look at helloworld3,
the way it's using module.exports, well,
that doesn't work if we load that
into the browser because there isn't
a module.exports in the browser.
And that's not gonna work for AMD cuz
AMD uses a different syntax for it.
So is there a way to do it, and
a while back, there was this project
that came out called the UMD,
the universal module definition.
It was an attempt,
not that there was only one way, but
it was an attempt to come up with
patterns, where we could create a module
definition that would work in
a variety of circumstances.
That is the way that they were loaded.
So I've provided for
you in your directory, you should find
a file [COUGH] called umdshell.js.
It's just an example file,
it doesn't do anything,
but I want you to open up umdshell.js,
and I'll explain to you.
This is a modified version of one of
the forms of UMD, and the main thing that
you would do here is you need to make
sure they're on line 5 right there.
At the beginning of line 5, you would
wanna give your module like a real name
because that's the name that's gonna get
bound if you load it into a browser.
That's gonna be the global name for
your module.
It's also gonna be the name that it's
referred to if it's being loaded into AMD
or something like that.
So you wanna make sure you give
it some sort of reasonable name.
But inside of these two curly
braces where you see here,
you would write your module exactly
like I taught you yesterday.
You'd put your functions and your
variables privately and all of that stuff.
You'd return back some sort of object, and
you could name it like I do if you needed
to, but you just simply do modules the way
we did if you based modules yesterday.
And what this will do,
this particular piece of code,
the way it runs, is you'll note that
it is up here, it's already looking for
which environment is it running in.
It checks to see if it's in node by
looking for a module.exports, and
if it is,
it runs it in a way that works for node.
And if you're in AMD,
it runs it in a way that works for AMD.
And if you are, instead,
in the browser, it goes ahead and
adds a global into the browser and calls
your definition function the way you want.
So this universal format, if you will,
quote unquote universal format, allows
the same module based code to be run
in each of these three different
sort of loading scenarios.
As an example of that, if I were to
open up, if I go into node_modules and
I go into asynquence and you look
at the asq.source JavaScript file,
you'll note that I use the UMD pattern for
my asynquence lib.
The reason for that is I don't rely
upon any dependencies whatsoever, but
I do want for you to be able to load
asynquence, both in the browser and
in node and in AMD.
So I use this UMD format, and I don't
need you to do any kind of building or
transpiling.
It's just a format that will automatically
work in all three of those loading
scenarios.
So that's another option if you're trying
to build yourself a module that people can
use in multiple different
loading scenarios.
You might think about
using the UMD format,
kind of wrapped around
your module definitions.